Implement `0x00` version of EIP-191 in ECDSA Library (#4063)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/small-cars-appear.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': patch
---

> Implement 0x00 version of EIP-191 in ECDSA Library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ECDSA`: Add a function `toDataWithIntendedValidatorHash` that encodes data with version 0x00 following EIP-191.
```
